a young boy contracted a strange disease
eating drinking and living activities
must be in a bubble the boy's name is
jimmy since childhood he has had a very
poor immune system he always stay in the
hospital ward from the moment of birth
when he was four years old his parents
could take him home in order to grow up
healthy his parents made him a
sterilized dome in his bedroom all of
his activities like eating drinking or
going to the toilet take place in that
room friends of the same age tease him
but jimmy happily grows up until one day
he saw a girl named chloe jimmy was
attracted to her immediately since then
he has always watched chloe's every
action he's angry with himself because
he was not like a normal person chloe's
friends always laugh at jimmy
however chloe still went to jimmy's
house to play with him she was amazed at
the thing in jimmy's house the two feel
very well together and they become good
friends they sing and play together the
relationship of both are increasingly
stable on chloe's birthday she wants
jimmy gave her as a kiss but the bubble
is a barrier that stops the two of them
chloe wants jimmy to open the bubble for
her to come in but jimmy fears that will
kill himself so he refused chloe's
request because of that the two's
relationship is no longer as close as
before not long after that chloe had a
boyfriend jimmy stood upstairs and saw
the two kissing on the street he feels
great pain he was quiet down to
depression then chloe came to tell jimmy
that she was married and asked him what
he thought jimmy coldly chased her away
jimmy also returned the gift that chloe
gave him earlier chloe's heart broke she
left a farewell gift for him and left
after chloe went jimmy opened the gift
it has the words i love you on it he
finally understood chloe's feelings
jimmy decided to find a way to go to
chloe's wedding in los angeles to
prevent her marriage he made his own
mobile bubble suit that is movable then
while his parents were sleeping he
sneaked out from home jimmy went to buy
a bus ticket the ticket seller found him
bizarre so he didn't sell the tickets to
him while crossing the street he was not
careful to be hit by a bus everyone got
off the bus to see what happened jimmy
told his story everyone agreed to take
jimmy with them on the bus everyone was
happily singing and dancing these overly
enthusiastic friends gave him an
identical notebook they turned out to be
a cult that was on a pilgrimage towards
enlightenment jimmy was thrown out of
the bus while asking for directions
their cult is led by a godfather they
found jimmy as the person they were
looking for extremely surprised jimmy's
parents discovered he was missing
immediately reported to the police after
that they set out to find their lost son
at this time jimmy met a man who was
having a motorbike breakdown jimmy
helped him fix his moto the man in
return should take jimmy go with him
after arriving in the city the man took
him to a bar to play and it was
extremely bustling that made jimmy
extremely excited but he decided not to
waste his time playing here he found a
bicycle to keep going on the way he
suddenly met his parents his parents
were deeply moved so they accidentally
crashed into jimmy causing the bubble to
fly with him into a train in the train
he met a circus the circus master is a
small man who collects freaks and shows
them off to the public for money when
jimmy told his boss about his intentions
he laughed and recruited jimmy to his
show
he also said chloe will never be by his
side jimmy furiously kicked him away
then jimmy went to a restaurant everyone
considered him a monster and locked him
up during the chaos alcohol spilled and
everything caught fire jimmy felt he was
going to burn at this time an indian man
came and saved jimmy he even let jimmy
sit on his ice cream truck to go on the
way he did not carefully bump into a cow
and he died he assumed that the cow died
due to disease and should give birth to
it jimmy is forced to continue on foot
while looking for his son jimmy's
parents met a small man at the circus
jimmy's mother mistakes him for a child
and brings along with them to save time
jimmy wants to call a taxi to go but he
has no money to earn jimmy goes into a
chinese casino nearby and enters our
mouth wrestling competition for a prize
of 500
jimmy finally won that prize after going
out jimmy met the people on the cult bus
again they are going to take him away
but luckily the taxi driver helped jimmy
escape on the way he tried to call chloe
to tell her of his success but only to
reach her fiance mark he said chloe was
sympathetic so she made friends with
jimmy and rudely convinces him that
chloe doesn't really love him jimmy
finished listening then he's so
desperated he sat sadly on the street
after that jimmy's parents finally found
out him through the information of the
small man they are about to come back to
their house jimmy's father saw jimmy's
sad eyes and decided to let him to
continue his mission when his mother was
not there jimmy got a favor to go by
plane to chloe's wedding in the crucial
moment of the wedding jimmy pushed the
door open jimmy removes his bubble suit
and kissed chloe jimmy then collapses
and seemingly dies in everyone's
lookings jimmy woke up jimmy's mother
confesses that actually his illness was
cured at this age of four they locked
jimmy in a room because they wanted to
protect him well jimmy finally
successfully took chloe away not long
after that jimmy and chloe got married
all of jimmy's new friends attended
jimmy feels very happy the movie ends
here
you see no matter how difficult your way
is just bravely follow you will reach
your truly love thank you for watching
follow my page to watch more film review
you